#### Michael Angerman Cover Letter

I have been working in the technology industry for many years and intimately understand what it takes to design, develop, and bring a product to market running on Amazon EC2.  For the past seven years starting in 2008, I have continuously been the key architect of numerous projects where small teams of developers have worked together and successfully deployed a large scale application on EC2.  Most recently, I worked at Spinnakr where we have running on Amazon over 20 instances in Northern California (US West) and more than 10 instances running in Northern Virginia (US East).  At peak usage we service over one million requests per day, and the API servers that run on Redis and RabbitMQ were designed, developed, deployed and managed by myself and two other people. The projects I  work on are written in 5 key languages [Golang, Ruby, Node.js, Python and Java] in order of importance.

More recently, Go is my language of choice and for the past year I have been programming in Go when the project is focused on back end system services.  Both Docker and now Rocket from CoreOS is the future for deploying projects and so I have been spending a lot of time developing systems that not only use Docker and Rocket but also understanding the underpinnings of these systems namely libcontainer and etcd.  At the heart of all of our projects are two core pieces of technology.  Redis is used everywhere in our system services and a queueing system like RabbitMQ or NSQ (written in Go) is our queue of choice.  For long term persistence we use both SQL and noSQL databases.

I live in Corvallis, Oregon and enjoy working out of my home.  I have been doing this now for five years with phenomenal success and happiness.
